- You can combine models.
I think it's also really
cool to think about
how you combine those models, right?
Like, when you can generate an image,
what about bringing it to life with Veo?
And then what about
creating a story around that
using Gemini, passing
the video back to it.
So, there's such a cool way
to, like, chain all these things.
And the cool thing about AI Studio also is
you don't necessarily need to know
how to chain those things.
You just need to describe your idea.
So, you could say, "I have the story.
I want to imagine the storyboard.
Then I want to animate that storyboard,"
and it'll tie those models together.
So, that's like a fun way to do it.